The proposed analytical model incorporates semi-permeable interfaces
Fine sediment can make coastal water-aquifer interfaces less permeable
Robin-type boundary representation for the estuary and ocean
Left estuary-underlain region, central region, and right
Groundwater-flow equation set for the coastal aquifer
Additional conditions aligned with Equations (3) and (6)
Complex harmonic head-amplitude equations
Fourier-domain head solutions for the aquifer regions
Physical-space complex hydraulic-head integral in Equation 30
Numerically evaluated complex hydraulic-head field
Groundwater tidal-head amplitude at each aquifer location
Groundwater tidal phase lag relative to the ocean tide
Convergence with the U-shaped solution for the fully penetrating,
Dimensionless parameter-influence fields
Best-fitting aquifer diffusivity and mean pit water level
Horizontal groundwater-velocity components
Flow paths for full- and partial-penetration cases
FPE porosity identified as too low for the site conditions
Representing partial penetration and low-permeability interfaces